Scott Helme - Report URI | LinkedIn Skip to main content LinkedIn Articles People Learning Jobs Games Join now Sign in Scott Helme Sign in to view Scott’s full profile Sign in Welcome back Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in or By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. New to LinkedIn? Join now or New to LinkedIn? Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Clitheroe, England, United Kingdom Contact Info Sign in to view Scott’s full profile Sign in Welcome back Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in or By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. New to LinkedIn? Join now or New to LinkedIn? Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. 4K followers 500+ connections See your mutual connections View mutual connections with Scott Sign in Welcome back Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in or By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. New to LinkedIn? Join now or New to LinkedIn? Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Join to view profile Message Sign in to view Scott’s full profile Sign in Welcome back Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in or By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. New to LinkedIn? Join now or New to LinkedIn? Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Report URI Report this profile Activity Follow Sign in to view Scott’s full profile Sign in Welcome back Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in or By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. New to LinkedIn? Join now or New to LinkedIn? Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. After over 6 incredible years at iboss, I’m both grateful and proud to look back on a journey filled with growth, learning, and the opportunity to… After over 6 incredible years at iboss, I’m both grateful and proud to look back on a journey filled with growth, learning, and the opportunity to… Liked by Scott Helme Our final TLS and PKI Training before the summer will take place on 3-6 June. Four half-days, with real-world exercises to work on during the… Our final TLS and PKI Training before the summer will take place on 3-6 June. Four half-days, with real-world exercises to work on during the… Liked by Scott Helme Four weeks until the next Practical TLS and PKI Training - Join Scott Helme on June 3-6 to learn how to deploy secure servers and design secure web… Four weeks until the next Practical TLS and PKI Training - Join Scott Helme on June 3-6 to learn how to deploy secure servers and design secure web… Liked by Scott Helme Join now to see all activity Experience & Education Report URI ******* ******** ******* ******* View Scott’s full experience By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Sign in Welcome back Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in or By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. New to LinkedIn? Join now Licenses & Certifications ISTQB-BCS Certified Tester Foundation Level BCS, The Chartered Institute for IT Issued Jan 2014 Credential ID 00020231 - RE30324126 See credential Volunteer Experience Envoy of Honour Childrens' Development and Protection Fund Aug 2008 - Present 16 years 11 months Children After graduating from university I traveled to Mongolia to support the CDPF in their efforts to provide for orphaned children. We traveled to Mongolia by car, a journey spanning over 8,000 miles that generated huge levels of publicity and sponsorship for our cause. Upon arriving we delivered medical supplies and assistance to an orphanage on the outskirts of the capital, Ulaanbaatar. Our work directly impacted the lives of children who regularly live without basic provisions of clothing and… Show more After graduating from university I traveled to Mongolia to support the CDPF in their efforts to provide for orphaned children. We traveled to Mongolia by car, a journey spanning over 8,000 miles that generated huge levels of publicity and sponsorship for our cause. Upon arriving we delivered medical supplies and assistance to an orphanage on the outskirts of the capital, Ulaanbaatar. Our work directly impacted the lives of children who regularly live without basic provisions of clothing and food and our financial support helped to continue the funding for teaching staff to attend the orphanage. Show less Projects report-uri.com May 2015 CSP and HPKP reporting for your website. See project securityheaders.com Feb 2015 Quickly and easily assess the security of your HTTP response headers! See project Privilege Guard ePO Edition Nov 2012 From joining the team here at Avecto I have worked closely with Joe, the lead developer, to create and maintain an automated testing suite for the Privilege Guard ePO Edition. With no previous automation architecture in place and a brand new product to work on I started with a clean slate. The automation suite, code named 'Road Runner', has evolved from a basic regression test to incorporate data import and verification, boundary testing, destructive testing and sanity checks for… Show more From joining the team here at Avecto I have worked closely with Joe, the lead developer, to create and maintain an automated testing suite for the Privilege Guard ePO Edition. With no previous automation architecture in place and a brand new product to work on I started with a clean slate. The automation suite, code named 'Road Runner', has evolved from a basic regression test to incorporate data import and verification, boundary testing, destructive testing and sanity checks for overnight builds. The suite is deployed across a wide range of virtual environments that are hosted on a VMWare ESXi HyperVisor server. Utilising the TestNG framework and Selenium's RemoteWebDriver allows tests to be run against as many browser variants and versions on as many host operating systems as is required. Show less Other creators See project ActivTable Nov 2011 - Nov 2012 Sole responsibility for the provision of all associated testing and documentation for the ActivTable project. I was involved in all aspects of the product testing which included: Hardware: In-house power controller and battery backup. Firmware: Power controller firmware. Software: Recovery system, embedded Windows OS, proprietary ActivTable software. Other creators See project ActivEngage Jan 2011 - Nov 2011 The ActivEngage Mobile project brought to market a smartphone application version of the ActivEngage software. This allowed students to take part in questions sessions from iOS and Android devices alongside PC/Mac clients and Promethean's own LRS hardware devices. Our team was responsible for testing the application and the integration testing alongside existing hardware. Other creators See project ActivBoard Oct 2010 - Jan 2011 As part of the ActivBoard testing team I was responsible for the functional and performance testing of the interactive whiteboard products in the 300 and 500 series. Other creators See project ActivExpression May 2010 - Oct 2010 The ActivExpression is a handheld LRS device that allows users to respond to questions over the air via the ActivAir protocol. As part of the test team I was responsible for testing the device firmware. Other creators See project Honors & Awards Best New Product Of The Year Computer Security Awards Oct 2013 Avecto was awarded the Best New Product Of The Year award for the Privilege Guard McAfee ePO Edition. McAfee Most Valuable Partner Of The Year Finalist McAfee Security Innovations Alliance Sep 2013 Avecto were awarded the Most Valuable Partner Of The Year Finalist by McAfee SIA for the Privilege Guard McAfee ePO Edition. Most Innovative Partner Of The Year Award McAfee Security Innovations Alliance Sep 2013 Avecto were awarded the Most Innovative Partner Of The Year Award by McAfee SIA for the Privilege Guard McAfee ePO Edition. Recommendations received John Macey “During the last 12 months working with Scott I have found him to be resourceful and diligent, a good team player and professional at all times. I have no hesitation in recommending Scott, and would employ him in the future should the opportunity arise.” 1 person has recommended Scott Join now to view More activity by Scott Come and join two massive geeks talking about all the good stuff you can do with Security Headers! 😎🔒 Come and join two massive geeks talking about all the good stuff you can do with Security Headers! 😎🔒 Shared by Scott Helme Join Scott Helme and Tanya Janca on April 22 at 9AM PT for a live conversation about one of their favorite topics: security headers 🔐 They’ll… Join Scott Helme and Tanya Janca on April 22 at 9AM PT for a live conversation about one of their favorite topics: security headers 🔐 They’ll… Liked by Scott Helme Hi everyone, Well after nearly 15 years at PCI Security Standards Council (PCI SSC), I will be retiring from my position as Regional VP EMEA at the… Hi everyone, Well after nearly 15 years at PCI Security Standards Council (PCI SSC), I will be retiring from my position as Regional VP EMEA at the… Liked by Scott Helme Two tickets left! Practical TLS and PKI Training, 3-6 Feb 2025. Four half-days, 8am Pacific time zone. Taught by Scott Helme and designed by Ivan… Two tickets left! Practical TLS and PKI Training, 3-6 Feb 2025. Four half-days, 8am Pacific time zone. Taught by Scott Helme and designed by Ivan… Liked by Scott Helme Four weeks until Practical TLS and PKI Training - February. Join Scott Helme for four half-days of work and fun! Learn how to deploy secure servers… Four weeks until Practical TLS and PKI Training - February. Join Scott Helme for four half-days of work and fun! Learn how to deploy secure servers… Liked by Scott Helme In 2025, Let’s Encrypt are going to drop support for OCSP revocation checking in their certificates. This shouldn't cause any problems at all, but I… In 2025, Let’s Encrypt are going to drop support for OCSP revocation checking in their certificates. This shouldn't cause any problems at all, but I… Shared by Scott Helme XSS is back with a vengeance! Bumping itself from #2 in 2023, it is now the #1 Top Threat in 2024... 😮 XSS is back with a vengeance! Bumping itself from #2 in 2023, it is now the #1 Top Threat in 2024... 😮 Shared by Scott Helme Somehow, XSS has managed to land itself in the #1 spot for the Top Threat of 2024! Fortunately, we're on hand to help you with our 10+ years of… Somehow, XSS has managed to land itself in the #1 spot for the Top Threat of 2024! Fortunately, we're on hand to help you with our 10+ years of… Liked by Scott Helme Another year, another success 💪 Another year, another success 💪 Shared by Scott Helme View Scott’s full profile See who you know in common Get introduced Contact Scott directly Join to view full profile Sign in Stay updated on your professional world Sign in By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. New to LinkedIn? Join now Other similar profiles Kishore Nuvvula London Connect Prithvi Dhanda London Connect Dan Hopwood Founder of Datahappy | Fractional CPO/CDO | Making data work for startups London Connect Dave Zak Founder of NionNet Limited and creator of KOADX - Revolutionising Software Development: A Breakthrough in Code Generation Saint Peter Port Connect Michael Fas Cambridge Connect Nicholas Bransby-Williams United Kingdom Connect Simon Judge Owner, Founder, Developer Greater London Connect Oliver Goodall Greater London Connect Colin Bird Director at RippleRock Southampton Connect David Jones London Connect Mehmet Akçay PhD. London Connect Kalpesh Modha Leicester Connect Ben Hall London Connect Pawel Krzywicki Greater Reading Area Connect Ger O'Meara CEO & Co-Founder at Spirable London Connect Serghei Culicovschi TripRobotics London Connect Robin East West Wickham Connect Orcun Sen London Connect Graham Doyle Stoke-On-Trent Connect Show more profiles Show fewer profiles Explore collaborative articles We’re unlocking community knowledge in a new way. Experts add insights directly into each article, started with the help of AI. Explore More Add new skills with these courses 1h 55m Test Automation with Python: 4 The WebDriver Automation Architecture 2h 43m Cucumber Essential Training 2h 6m A Bug Bounty Toolkit for Security Researchers See all courses LinkedIn © 2025 About Accessibility User Agreement Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Brand Policy Guest Controls Community Guidelines العربية (Arabic) বাংলা (Bangla) Čeština (Czech) Dansk (Danish) Deutsch (German) Ελληνικά (Greek) English (English) Español (Spanish) فارسی (Persian) Suomi (Finnish) Français (French) हिंदी (Hindi) Magyar (Hungarian) Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian) Italiano (Italian) עברית (Hebrew) 日本語 (Japanese) 한국어 (Korean) मराठी (Marathi) Bahasa Malaysia (Malay) Nederlands (Dutch) Norsk (Norwegian) ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi) Polski (Polish) Português (Portuguese) Română (Romanian) Русский (Russian) Svenska (Swedish) తెలుగు (Telugu) ภาษาไทย (Thai) Tagalog (Tagalog) Türkçe (Turkish) Українська (Ukrainian) Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese) 简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified)) 正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional)) Language Agree & Join LinkedIn By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. View Scott’s full profile Sign in Welcome back Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in or By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. New to LinkedIn? Join now or New to LinkedIn? Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.