Scott Helme Home Speaking Training Media Contact Sponsor Subscribe Scott Helme Hi, I'm Scott Helme, a Security Researcher, Entrepreneur and International Speaker. I'm the creator of Report URI and Security Headers, and I deliver world renowned training on Hacking and Encryption. Sponsored by: Report URI - Don't get pwned by JavaScript! Audit your JS dependencies in real-time, get started now. Free Post Home Assistant V2: Hacking my Tesla Powerwalls to be the ultimate home energy solution! In my first blog post about hacking my Tesla Powerwalls, I laid out all of the foundations and information about my home energy setup. You really need to read that... Scott Helme Scott Helme 13 Jun 2025 • 10 min read Free Post TLS Shorter certificates are coming! Well, I was certainly hoping for this result, but wasn't necessarily expecting it! I'm pleased to report that Ballot SC-081v3 passed, and that shorter certificate lifetimes... Scott Helme Scott Helme 22 Apr 2025 • 6 min read Free Post Home Assistant Hacking my Tesla Powerwalls to be the ultimate home energy solution! I've had solar and batteries at home for quite some time now, and despite my experience with them being really awesome, there were a few little things that... Scott Helme Scott Helme 21 Apr 2025 • 12 min read Free Post Report URI PCI DSS FAQ SAQ WTF BBQ... I was trying to come up with a sensible title for this blog post, but I feel this one mirrors the thoughts and feelings of many of us about recent... Scott Helme Scott Helme 13 Mar 2025 • 7 min read Free Post Report URI Report URI: Launching Policy Watch and other improvements! As we continue to expand and improve our offering, one particular area of focus over recent months has been on PCI DSS Compliance. Whilst 'compliance' might not be... Scott Helme Scott Helme 11 Mar 2025 • 5 min read Free Post Let's Encrypt Let's Encrypt to offer 6-day certificates! Continuing their trend of radical change for the better, Let's Encrypt have announced that, this year, you will be able to request certificates with a validity period of... Scott Helme Scott Helme 4 Mar 2025 • 7 min read Free Post Pi-Hole Updating to Pi-hole v6 and enabling HTTPS! I first deployed my Pi-hole back in 2018 and ever since then, I've never looked back! Pi-hole have just dropped a pretty major update and, of course, I... Scott Helme Scott Helme 26 Feb 2025 • 3 min read Free Post Report URI Stronger Than Ever: How We Turned a DDoS Attack Into a Lesson in Resilience Operating an online service like Report URI, it comes with the territory. The ever present threat of attack is something we are fully aware of, and prepare for as best... Scott Helme Scott Helme 3 Feb 2025 • 13 min read Free Post ocsp Let's Encrypt to end OCSP support in 2025 Well, the writing has been on the wall for some years now, arguably over a decade, but the time has finally come where the largest CA in the World is... Scott Helme Scott Helme 30 Dec 2024 • 6 min read Free Post XSS Ranked #1 Top Threat of 2024 by MITRE and CISA As we draw near the end of 2024, MITRE have taken a look back at the security vulnerabilities discovered throughout the year and published their list of the Top 25... Scott Helme Scott Helme 10 Dec 2024 • 4 min read Page 1 of 42 Older Posts → Upcoming Events Practical TLS and PKI (US / Europe, Virtual) 6th - 9th May 2025 Practical TLS and PKI (US / Europe, Virtual) 3rd - 6th June 2025 SteelCon (Sheffield, England) 11th - 13th July 2025 Cheat Sheets CSP Cheat Sheet HSTS Cheat Sheet HTTPS Cheat Sheet Performance Cheat Sheet Projects Report URI Security Headers Why No HTTPS? Crawler.Ninja HTTP Forever BMW M140i Follow License CC BY-SA 4.0 to scotthelme.co.uk Thanks for supporting me and my work! Great, you're subscribed! Perhaps you'd also consider supporting my work? Welcome back! You've successfully signed in. Wow! Thanks for the support! Success! Your billing info is updated. Billing info update failed.